= Setup

== Installation

  $ git clone https://github.com/infochimps/chiat_day_innovation_matcher.git
  $ cd chiat_day_innovation_matcher
  $ bundle install

== Configuration

There are two configuration files this app depends upon.

The <tt>settings.yml</tt> file points at the MySQL database so provide
an appropriate host and credentials.  Copy it from the given example:

  $ cp settings.example.yml settings.yml

The <tt>unicorn-conf.rb</tt> file is required if you want to run the
app behind the Unicorn webserver.
  
  $ cp unicorn-conf.example.rb unicorn-conf.example.rb

Here you can define where the app will log, leave its pids, and how it
listens.  You can also define the number of worker processes you want
to run.

== Running

You can run the app locally on port 4567 by just running it with Ruby:

  $ ruby innovation_matcher.rb
  == Sinatra/1.3.3 has taken the stage on 4567 for development with backup from Thin
  >> Thin web server (v1.3.1 codename Triple Espresso)
  >> Maximum connections set to 1024
  >> Listening on 0.0.0.0:4567, CTRL+C to stop
 
You can also run it with Unicorn

  $ unicorn -c unicorn-conf.rb

which is what you should do in production, after you've tweaked the
<tt>unicorn-conf.rb</tt> file.

Make sure that the user you're running this +unicorn+ with can write
to the directories you point at in the <tt>unicorn-conf.rb</tt> file.
If you're using the example <tt>unicorn-conf.rb</tt> file then you
might want to run a command like

  $ chmod -R www-data:www-data log tmp

= Usage

== Create a match

Returns an array of innovations matching given parameters +dob+ and
+hometown+.  Also returns a +match_id+ that can be used to retrieve
this match later.

Example:

  $ curl -s -X POST http://localhost:4567/matches -d '{"dob": "1983-05-23", "hometown": "New York, NY"}'
  {
    "match_id": "6b73f010-d469-012f-ad21-002219342852",
    "innovations": [
      {
	"id": "280",
	"type": "Automotive",
	"name": "internal combustion engine",
	"photo": "http://www.flickr.com/photos/ell-r-brown/6050366599/",
	"innovator_name": "NICOLAUS OTTO",
	"innovation_date": "8/14/1877"
    ...

== Retrieve a match

Returns an array of innovations from a previously returned +match_id+.

Example:

  $ curl -s -X GET http://localhost:4567/matches/6b73f010-d469-012f-ad21-002219342852
  {
    "match_id": "6b73f010-d469-012f-ad21-002219342852",
    "innovations": [
      {
	"id": "280",
	"type": "Automotive",
	"name": "internal combustion engine",
	"photo": "http://www.flickr.com/photos/ell-r-brown/6050366599/",
	"innovator_name": "NICOLAUS OTTO",
	"innovation_date": "8/14/1877",
  ...
